BIBISH Is [a] Bible Interactive SHell. It is a front-end to the SWORD Project
library inspired by the bible package in Debian GNU/Linux. The basic commands
are:

quit - Exits the program.
list - Lists installed modules (bibles by default) and their short names for the
    select command.
    Takes arguments of bible, commentaries, devotions, books, dictionaries,
    lexicons, unorthodox
    Any other arguments will result in the list of bibles being displayed.
select - Selects a module for use.
    Takes argument of a module short name. Short name is case sensitive.
show - Shows a passage or entry with the selected work.
    Takes argument of a range of scripture for bibles and commentaries, a key
    for lexicons or dictionaries, a date in the format of MM.DD for devotions,
    and a key path for general books.
    Given how long key paths for books can be, it is currently recommended to
    paste the key path from the list command if your terminal supports that
help - Displays basic help message.
    Accepts an argument of about to display version and license information.
search - Searches for a multi-word phrase in the selected version
    Takes argument of the word(s) to search for.
    Currently searches the whole module.
read - Starts at a given key (reference) and proceeds to display the entire
    module from there.
    Be careful with this command as it loads the entire module into memory and
    will eat up your processor and RAM while doing it.
    The read command is not recommended for modules of type genbook (General
    Book modules)
about - Shows some basic information about the application, including license
    and version information.
devo - Shows the daily devotional for a given month and day in either the full
    month name, or three letter abbreviation followed by a day, (i.e. February
    24 or Jan 31), or a date in the format  MM.DD (i.e. 04.21). This command
    will also accept today and yesterday as arugments and show the entry for
    those days. Defaults to showing today if no argument is given.
    If a work other than a dauly devotional is selected, then the module will
    display the nearest match to the key provided in the argument.
